Bump versions (Substrate connect to 0.7.7, Extension to 0.1.6) (#1116)
paritytech/substrate-connect: packages/connect/CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

## 0.7.7 - 2022-06-17

### Changed

> - Update Rococo chain specs ([#1107][https://github.com/paritytech/substrate-connect/pull/1107])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Update the Rococo chain specification to go start after a forced authorities change. ([#1107](https://github.com/paritytech/substrate-connect/pull/1107))
```

## [Unreleased]

> ## 0.7.7 - 2022-06-16

Reviewer: No, you don't make versions magically disappear
Please say that this updates the Rococo chain spec

### Changed

> - Update the Rococo chain specification to go start after a forced authorities change. ([#1107](https://github.com/paritytech/substrate-connect/pull/1107))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Update the Rococo chain specification to start after a forced authorities change. ([#1107](https://github.com/paritytech/substrate-connect/pull/1107))
```
